# Movieworld

## Working Demo

http://movieworld.enovision.net

## Important

To make this work on your own server you have to install a mysql server with a 
database called 'movieworld'. The initiation of the contents of this database 
can be found in the folder `"mysql-readme"`. 

This software is based on a CodeIgniter PHP backend and to connect it with your
own movieworld mysql database, you have to modify the settings in the database.php file 
in the config folder of the server/application folder.

## License and warranty

This software was build for educational and demonstration purposes and comes as it is.

There is no warranty or support on this product. This is not a commercial project
and it was build with the GPL version 5.1 of Sencha Ext JS.

On the movieworld application itself is no license applied and anyone can do with it
as he pleases as long there is no reference to Enovision GmbH or Johan van de Merwe as
being responsible for any updated development or change.

### Sencha Ext JS

Sencha Ext JS 5.1 GPL

### CodeIgniter

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 - 2015, British Columbia Institute of Technology

### TMDB Database

This product uses the TMDb API but is not endorsed or certified by TMDb.

This product is not for sale, the source code is freely available and there are no commercial objectives with this product.

All of the content on this Site ("Materials"), the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained on this Site ("Marks"), are owned by or licensed to TMDb Inc. and are subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under United States and foreign laws and international conventions. They reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to this Site and the Materials. You agree that you will not circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of this Site or features that:

(a) prevent or restrict use or copying of any Materials or
(b) enforce limitations on use of this Site or the Materials on this Site

## Sencha Ext JS documentation

This folder is primarily a container for the top-level pieces of the application.
While you can remove some files and folders that this application does not use,
be sure to read below before deciding what can be deleted and what needs to be
kept in source control.

The following files are all needed to build and load the application.

 - `"app.json"` - The application descriptor which controls how the application is
   built and loaded.
 - `"app.js"` - The file that launches the application. This is primarily used to
   launch an instance of the `MyApp.Application` class.
 - `"index.html"` - The default web page for this application. This can be customized
   in `"app.json"`.
 - `"build.xml"` - The entry point for Sencha Cmd to access the generated build
   script. This file is a place where you can hook into these processes and tune
   them. See the comments in that file for more information.
 - `".sencha"` - This (typically hidden) folder contains the generated build scripts
   and configuration files for the application. This folder is required in order to
   build the application but its content should not need to be edited in most cases.
   The content of this folder is updated by "sencha app upgrade".

These files can be ignored from source control as they are regenerated by the build
process.

 - `"build"` - This folder contain the output of the build. The generated CSS file,
   consolidated resources and concatenated JavaScript file are all stored in this
   folder.
 - `"bootstrap.*"` - These files are generated by the build and watch commands to
   enable the application to load in "development mode".

# Other Folders

## Movieworld/app

This folder contains the JavaScript files for the application.

## Movieworld/resources

This folder contains static resources (typically an `"images"` folder as well).

## Movieworld/overrides

This folder contains override classes. All overrides in this folder will be 
automatically included in application builds if the target class of the override
is loaded.

## Movieworld/sass

This folder contains the styling for the application's views. See Movieworld/sass/Readme.md
for details.
